{"conv_id": 0, "wiki_id": 17, "turns": 12, "text": ["hello", "hello there, I have not seen this movie so im going to take a minute to look it over :)", "Alright that is fine. What is the movie?", "The movie is The Social Network", "I have not seen that one either.", "It appears to be like a biographical movie about Mark Zuckerberg and when he creates Facebook.", "Ohh yes I remember hearing about that movie, but it was a long time ago it feels like.", "Rotten Tomatoes has rated it 96% so that's decent, and it is a movie from 2010 may be worth watching!", "Yes I think it could be, although I personally do not like facebook as a company.", "the movie portrays the founding of social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits. It even has Justin Timberlake in it, I don't think I've ever seen him act. ", "I have not seen him in any movies in years Any other big name actors in it?", "hmm so I just got a scene described to me, it turns out Mark was dumped so he made a blog about her ... kind of childish.... then he made a site for people to \"rate\" women on looks...the college put him on porbation. and then that captured the attention of two classmates , that how the trio came to work on facebook I guess.", "So it came out of Mark being kind of a douche, Makes sense when I think about the company ", "Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, Armie Hammer , and Max Minghella, not famailiar with any of those, id have to look on IMBD", "I am not familiar\n with any of them either", "another scene came up, i guess this site was just for hrvard but then they expanded to Yale, Columbia, and Stanford... sounds very elite like lol", "Seems like it was intended for the elite, but he saw the amount of money to be made by globalizing it", "and go figure Sean Parker who co founded Napster is in on it with Mark to make Facebook, i guess he is the one who persuaded him to drop the THE  as it was called Thefacebook originally", "removing the word \"the\" was a smart choice atleast", "yeah, flows a bit better I suppose so you can say \"facebook me\" lol ah new scene, talking about all the lawsuits that came against him. ", "I feel like he has always been in trouble for the way he operates then Now it is the way he markets ads by listening through the phones", "ending sounds weird, they said it ends with him sending a friend request to his ex who dumped him.  ironic.", "Im sure that was just for the hollywood effect", "yeah, he is a very selfish type of person I think in reality"], "kb": ["cast Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss Max Minghella as Divya Narendra critical_response David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, but in the same way. It is cocksure, impatient, cold, exciting and instinctively perceptive. ", "The Social Network is the movie of the year. But Fincher and Sorkin triumph by taking it further. ", "The Social Network is the movie of the year. cast Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss Max Minghella as Divya Narendra critical_response David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, but in the same way. ", "The Social Network is the movie of the year. movieName The Social Network rating Rotten Tomatoes: 96% and average: 9/10 Metacritic Score: 95/100 CinemaScore: B+ year 2010. ", "Aaron Sorkin based his screenplay on a contentious book, Ben Mezrich's The Accidental Billionaires, so everything that's seen isn't necessarily to be believed. cast Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss Max Minghella as Divya Narendra critical_response David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, but in the same way. ", "The Social Network is the movie of the year. The biographical part takes liberties with its subject. ", "The Social Network is the movie of the year. cast Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker Armie Hammer as Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss Max Minghella as Divya Narendra critical_response David Fincher's film has the rare quality of being not only as smart as its brilliant hero, but in the same way. ", "movieName The Social Network rating Rotten Tomatoes: 96% and average: 9/10 Metacritic Score: 95/100 CinemaScore: B+ year 2010. The Social Network is the movie of the year. ", "In October 2003, 19-year-old Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright. Returning to his dorm, Zuckerberg writes an insulting entry about Albright on his LiveJournal blog and then creates a campus website called Facemash by hacking into college databases to steal photos of female students, then allowing site visitors to rate their attractiveness. ", "The trio invites Zuckerberg to work on Harvard Connection, a social network featuring the exclusive nature of Harvard students and aimed at dating. After traffic to the site crashes parts of Harvard's computer network, Zuckerberg is given six months of academic probation. ", "In October 2003, 19-year-old Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright. Returning to his dorm, Zuckerberg writes an insulting entry about Albright on his LiveJournal blog and then creates a campus website called Facemash by hacking into college databases to steal photos of female students, then allowing site visitors to rate their attractiveness. ", "Returning to his dorm, Zuckerberg writes an insulting entry about Albright on his LiveJournal blog and then creates a campus website called Facemash by hacking into college databases to steal photos of female students, then allowing site visitors to rate their attractiveness. In October 2003, 19-year-old Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright. ", "In October 2003, 19-year-old Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright. Returning to his dorm, Zuckerberg writes an insulting entry about Albright on his LiveJournal blog and then creates a campus website called Facemash by hacking into college databases to steal photos of female students, then allowing site visitors to rate their attractiveness. ", "Saverin and Zuckerberg meet fellow student Christy Lee, who asks them to 'Facebook me', a phrase which impresses both of them. As Thefacebook grows in popularity, Zuckerberg extends the network to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University. ", "Saverin and Zuckerberg meet fellow student Christy Lee, who asks them to 'Facebook me', a phrase which impresses both of them. As Thefacebook grows in popularity, Zuckerberg extends the network to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University. ", "As Thefacebook grows in popularity, Zuckerberg extends the network to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University. After Parker promises to expand Facebook to two continents, Zuckerberg invites him to live at the house he is using as company headquarters. ", "Saverin and Zuckerberg meet fellow student Christy Lee, who asks them to 'Facebook me', a phrase which impresses both of them. As Thefacebook grows in popularity, Zuckerberg extends the network to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University. ", "He also suggests dropping 'The' from Thefacebook, just calling it Facebook. Lee arranges for Saverin and Zuckerberg to meet Napster co-founder Sean Parker, who presents a 'billion dollar' vision for the company that impresses Zuckerberg. ", "Saverin and Zuckerberg meet fellow student Christy Lee, who asks them to 'Facebook me', a phrase which impresses both of them. As Thefacebook grows in popularity, Zuckerberg extends the network to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University. ", "Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in the Winklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. After everyone leaves, Zuckerberg is shown sending a friend request to Albright on Facebook and then refreshing the webpage every few seconds as he waits for her response. ", "Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in the Winklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. The Winklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares of Facebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. ", "After everyone leaves, Zuckerberg is shown sending a friend request to Albright on Facebook and then refreshing the webpage every few seconds as he waits for her response. At the end, Marylin Delpy, a junior lawyer for the defense, informs Zuckerberg that they will settle with Saverin, since the sordid details of Facebook's founding and Zuckerberg's own callous attitude will make him highly unsympathetic to a jury. ", "Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in the Winklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. The Winklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares of Facebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. ", "Throughout the film, the narrative is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in the Winklevoss twins' and Saverin's respective lawsuits against Zuckerberg and Facebook. The Winklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares of Facebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. "], "kbt": ["long RelatedTo ago", "sense RelatedTo feel", "sense RelatedTo hearing", "kind HasProperty people", "feel RelatedTo sense", "ever RelatedTo always", "minute RelatedTo time", "work RelatedTo money", "work UsedFor people", "work RelatedTo company", "work MotivatedByGoal money", "time IsA money", "time RelatedTo minute", "time Desires person", "time RelatedTo ago", "time RelatedTo always", "always RelatedTo ever", "always RelatedTo time", "company RelatedTo work", "company RelatedTo people", "bit RelatedTo drop", "one RelatedTo two", "person HasA name", "person RelatedTo name", "person Desires time", "person RelatedTo people", "person Desires smart", "person RelatedTo friend", "go RelatedTo drop", "people HasProperty selfish", "people HasProperty kind", "people IsA actors", "people HasProperty weird", "people UsedFor work", "people RelatedTo company", "people RelatedTo person", "listening Causes hearing", "name HasA person", "name RelatedTo mark", "name RelatedTo person", "friend RelatedTo person", "smart Desires person", "weird HasProperty people", "ago RelatedTo long", "ago RelatedTo time", "hearing RelatedTo sense", "hearing Causes listening", "money MotivatedByGoal work", "money IsA time", "money RelatedTo work", "actors IsA people", "mark RelatedTo name", "drop RelatedTo bit", "drop RelatedTo go", "two RelatedTo one", "selfish HasProperty people"]}
{"conv_id": 1, "wiki_id": 4, "turns": 10, "text": ["So have you seen Zootopia?", "Yes, I have. The movie was hilarious! Who was your favorite character?", "I'm not good with character names, but the fox played by jason bateman Nick Wilde\n\\ Who was yours?", "Oh okay, my favorite character was Judy Hopps. My favorite scene of the movie was when she got initially put as a parking duty cop. I like the movie because it was something that both me and my children enjoyed.", "I actually watched it at a friends house because her 2 year old had it on repeat", "Oh, how funny. Do you think that the IMDB rating is appropriate?", "I do. 8/10 seems right. The Rotten Tomatoes review seems high, but it's impressive", "I agree, Rotten Tomatoes usually has horrible ratings so it is a bit surprising. I like the main theme that people can't be judged based on their color (well in this case species).", "What Holiday was this released around? Do you think Judy recording Nick was an ethical decision?", "I don't recall the holiday. I do think that it was ethical because he was a wanted suspect so she was just doing her job. I think the ending made up for her recording, because she realized that Nick's past being bullied had a huge effect on him.", "I also thought it was super unfair of Bogo to request her resignation so quickly. She was still new to the force.", "I agree with that, it was unfair. However, she got tricked by Nick on her first day I honestly don't think she was qualified for the position.", "She was a bit naive, but she also shouldn't have been out alone as a rookie. I loved Bellwethers character, I know she's a bad guy, but Jenny Slate does such a good job", "I have to agree with you on that. I don't see her as much of a bad guy, since she offered Nick and Judy access to the security cameras. In the end when Judy asked Nick to join the Zootopia police department, do you think that was a good call on her part?", "Probably not, just because he ended up liking her doesn't mean he had completely turned himself around", "Yeah, the movie didn't show Nick developing enough for him to be trusted with that kind of authority. Plus I am guessing that his criminal background wouldn't go well. It was sweet when Nick stuck up for Judy when BOGO tried to demand her to quit", "I agree, he definitely showed some development there, possibly just gratitude.", "Did you think that the use of drugs in the movie was a bit too much? (the creation of drugs I should say)/", "I think it was innocent enough. Probably too complicated of a plot line to really do any harm to kids. They could get the jist of it, that bellwether made the wolves do bad things, but beyond that, they probably didn't relate it to drugs as we think of them", "I know what you mean. My young cousin asked me what they were and why he was making them what they do to people, etc. So it might not influence most children but definitely some."], "kb": ["Jenny Slate as Dawn Bellwether, a diminutive sheep who is the assistant mayor of Zootopia. movieName Zootopia rating Rotten Tomatoes: 98% and average: 8/10 IMDB: 8/1 year 2016. ", "[Zootopia] is constantly asking its characters to look past species stereotypes, and not use species-ist language or repeat hurtful assumptions.... cast Ginnifer Goodwin as Officer Judy Hopps, an optimistic rabbit from Bunnyburrow who is a newly appointed member of the Zootopia Police Department assigned to the 1st Precinct. ", "Jason Bateman as Nick Wilde, a red fox who is a small-time con artist. On her first day, she is hustled by a con artist fox duo, Nick Wilde and Finnick. ", "Despite being the academy valedictorian, Judy is delegated to parking duty by Chief Bogo, who doubts her potential because she is a rabbit. cast Ginnifer Goodwin as Officer Judy Hopps, an optimistic rabbit from Bunnyburrow who is a newly appointed member of the Zootopia Police Department assigned to the 1st Precinct. ", "movieName Zootopia rating Rotten Tomatoes: 98% and average: 8/10 IMDB: 8/1 year 2016. [Zootopia] is constantly asking its characters to look past species stereotypes, and not use species-ist language or repeat hurtful assumptions.... ", "movieName Zootopia rating Rotten Tomatoes: 98% and average: 8/10 IMDB: 8/1 year 2016. funny, smart, [and] thought-provoking. ", "movieName Zootopia rating Rotten Tomatoes: 98% and average: 8/10 IMDB: 8/1 year 2016. This all seems clever and noble until you realize that all the stereotypes about various animals are to some extent true, in particular the most basic one: carnivores eat herbivores because it's in their nature. ", "movieName Zootopia rating Rotten Tomatoes: 98% and average: 8/10 IMDB: 8/1 year 2016. [Zootopia] is constantly asking its characters to look past species stereotypes, and not use species-ist language or repeat hurtful assumptions.... ", "After determining Nick was a suspect seen in Otterton's last known sighting, Judy blackmails him into assisting her by covertly recording his confession to tax evasion with her carrot pen. They track Otterton to a limousine owned by crime boss Mr. ", "After determining Nick was a suspect seen in Otterton's last known sighting, Judy blackmails him into assisting her by covertly recording his confession to tax evasion with her carrot pen. They track Otterton to a limousine owned by crime boss Mr. ", "Bogo demands Judy's resignation, but Nick reminds Bogo that Judy still has ten hours to solve the case. After determining Nick was a suspect seen in Otterton's last known sighting, Judy blackmails him into assisting her by covertly recording his confession to tax evasion with her carrot pen. ", "Judy saves Nick by trapping Manchas and calls the ZPD for help, but when they arrive, Manchas has vanished. Judy learns from Nick that he was bullied as a child when he tried to join the Ranger Scouts, who stereotyped him as untrustworthy for being a fox. ", "At City Hall, Bellwether offers Judy and Nick access to the city's traffic cameras. They discover Manchas was captured by wolves, who Judy surmises are the 'night howlers'. ", "At City Hall, Bellwether offers Judy and Nick access to the city's traffic cameras.  Judy, praised for solving the case, has become friends with Nick and asks him to join the ZPD as her partner. ", "At City Hall, Bellwether offers Judy and Nick access to the city's traffic cameras. They discover Manchas was captured by wolves, who Judy surmises are the 'night howlers'. ", " Judy, praised for solving the case, has become friends with Nick and asks him to join the ZPD as her partner. At City Hall, Bellwether offers Judy and Nick access to the city's traffic cameras. ", "They find Doug in a laboratory hidden in the city subway, developing a drug made from night howlers, which he has been shooting at predators with a dart gun. Back in Bunnyburrow, Judy learns that the night howlers are actually toxic flowers that have severe psychotropic effects on mammals. ", "They find Doug in a laboratory hidden in the city subway, developing a drug made from night howlers, which he has been shooting at predators with a dart gun. Back in Bunnyburrow, Judy learns that the night howlers are actually toxic flowers that have severe psychotropic effects on mammals. ", "Back in Bunnyburrow, Judy learns that the night howlers are actually toxic flowers that have severe psychotropic effects on mammals. After returning to Zootopia and reconciling with Nick, the pair confront Weaselton, who tells them the bulbs he stole were for a ram named Doug. ", "Back in Bunnyburrow, Judy learns that the night howlers are actually toxic flowers that have severe psychotropic effects on mammals. After returning to Zootopia and reconciling with Nick, the pair confront Weaselton, who tells them the bulbs he stole were for a ram named Doug. "], "kbt": ["innocent HasProperty children", "kind HasProperty people", "could RelatedTo might", "bad DistinctFrom good", "children HasProperty innocent", "children RelatedTo kids", "children RelatedTo young", "children RelatedTo people", "might RelatedTo could", "good HasProperty people", "good DistinctFrom bad", "young DistinctFrom old", "young RelatedTo children", "repeat RelatedTo say", "old DistinctFrom new", "old DistinctFrom young", "duty RelatedTo job", "past RelatedTo beyond", "bit RelatedTo part", "demand RelatedTo request", "request RelatedTo demand", "names HasA people", "use RelatedTo call", "department RelatedTo part", "call RelatedTo use", "scene RelatedTo part", "people HasA names", "people HasProperty mean", "people HasProperty kind", "people RelatedTo children", "people CapableOf agree", "people HasProperty good", "job RelatedTo duty", "agree CapableOf people", "new DistinctFrom old", "part RelatedTo scene", "part RelatedTo bit", "part RelatedTo department", "beyond RelatedTo past", "say RelatedTo repeat", "mean HasProperty people", "kids RelatedTo children"]}
{"conv_id": 2, "wiki_id": 20, "turns": 15, "text": ["What is the movie about?", "the movie is about a young child named Kevin who was abandoned by his family when they went for their Christmas vacation", "Did they abandon him on purpose?", "no they had lost track of him since they had multiple family's over for christmas", "Did they realize they lost track of him and come back for him?", "Kevin's mother realizes that he is lost once they arrive at their destination and she trys to get on a flight back home but there are none available so she drives back with strangers ", "Was he left at home or while they were traveling?", "he was left at home", "How old is Kevin?", "kevin is a young child no exact age is given estimates are he is around 10", "Oh, ok. Is he able to fend for himself at all?", "kevin is left home because a power outage caused the family to oversleep and be late for their flight so in the confusion they misplaced kevin as he was sent to the attic for misbehaving the night before ", "So, he is not able to fend for himself?  Is he afraid?", "he enjoys being alone but he is met with two burglers who he has to try and strop  he is not afriad but more excited", "How does he stop the burglars? Is it a drama or more of a comedy?", "the movie is a good mix of both but i would say it is more of a drama that has a good laugh once in a while ", "What is  the name  of the movie?", "the movie is named home alone ", "Ok. Does Kevin have any siblings?", "he has a brother named Buzz who Kevin is not a fan of since he was sent to the third floor after an altercation with Buzz the night before they left for paris ", "Does Buzz feel bad that Kevin was left behind?", "no he doesnt care ", "Does Kevins Mom get to him before the burglars do?", "no Kevin has to fend off the burgers himself he places booby traps all around the house which turn out to be very effective", "Do the burglars realize they are being  fooled by a kid that is  home alaonee? Do they give up or  keep trying  to rob the house?", "the robbers came on Christmas eve and were detained by police after going through kelvins house and getting hit by all his traps they realize he is alone but there already in the house and are commited ", "Do  they ever see Kevin when they are  in his house?", "yes ", "Do the police ever figure out that Kevin is home alone?", "it is never specified "], "kb": ["He compared the elaborate booby-traps in the film to Rube Goldberg machines, writing 'they're the kinds of traps that any 8-year-old could devise, if he had a budget of tens of thousands of dollars and the assistance of a crew of movie special effects people' and criticized the plot as 'so implausible that it makes it hard for [him] to really care about the plight of the kid [Kevin] sadistic festival of adult-bashing'. cast Macaulay Culkin as Kevin Joe Pesci as Harry Daniel Stern as Marv John Heard as Peter Roberts Blossom as Marley critical_response the film's first half is 'flat and unsurprising as its cute little premise suggests', the second half is praised for its slapstick humor. ", "The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister, a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation. He compared the elaborate booby-traps in the film to Rube Goldberg machines, writing 'they're the kinds of traps that any 8-year-old could devise, if he had a budget of tens of thousands of dollars and the assistance of a crew of movie special effects people' and criticized the plot as 'so implausible that it makes it hard for [him] to really care about the plight of the kid [Kevin] sadistic festival of adult-bashing'. ", "cast Macaulay Culkin as Kevin Joe Pesci as Harry Daniel Stern as Marv John Heard as Peter Roberts Blossom as Marley critical_response the film's first half is 'flat and unsurprising as its cute little premise suggests', the second half is praised for its slapstick humor. The conversation between Kevin and Marley, as well as the film's final scenes, is also praised. ", "The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister, a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation. The film also features Catherine O'Hara and John Heard as Kevin's parents. ", "cast Macaulay Culkin as Kevin Joe Pesci as Harry Daniel Stern as Marv John Heard as Peter Roberts Blossom as Marley critical_response the film's first half is 'flat and unsurprising as its cute little premise suggests', the second half is praised for its slapstick humor. The conversation between Kevin and Marley, as well as the film's final scenes, is also praised. ", "The film also features Catherine O'Hara and John Heard as Kevin's parents. The conversation between Kevin and Marley, as well as the film's final scenes, is also praised. ", "The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister, a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation. Kevin initially relishes being home alone, but soon has to contend with two would-be burglars played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern. ", "The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister, a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation. Kevin initially relishes being home alone, but soon has to contend with two would-be burglars played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern. ", "The film also features Catherine O'Hara and John Heard as Kevin's parents. The conversation between Kevin and Marley, as well as the film's final scenes, is also praised. ", "In the confusion and rush to get to the airport, Kevin is accidentally left behind. Peter and Kate's youngest son, eight-year-old Kevin, is being ridiculed by his siblings and cousins. ", "The McCallister family is preparing to spend Christmas in Paris, gathering at Peter and Kate's home outside of Chicago on the night before their departure. Peter and Kate's youngest son, eight-year-old Kevin, is being ridiculed by his siblings and cousins. ", "During the night, heavy winds cause damage to power lines, which causes a temporary power outage and resets the alarm clocks, causing the entire family to oversleep. In the confusion and rush to get to the airport, Kevin is accidentally left behind. ", "The McCallister family is preparing to spend Christmas in Paris, gathering at Peter and Kate's home outside of Chicago on the night before their departure. Peter and Kate's youngest son, eight-year-old Kevin, is being ridiculed by his siblings and cousins. ", "The McCallister family is preparing to spend Christmas in Paris, gathering at Peter and Kate's home outside of Chicago on the night before their departure. Peter and Kate's youngest son, eight-year-old Kevin, is being ridiculed by his siblings and cousins. ", "Kate discovers mid-flight that Kevin is missing and, upon arrival in Paris, the family discovers that all flights for the next two days are booked. Peter and the rest of the family go to his brother Rob's apartment in the city while Kate manages to get a flight back to the United States, only to get as far as Scranton, Pennsylvania. ", "Kate discovers mid-flight that Kevin is missing and, upon arrival in Paris, the family discovers that all flights for the next two days are booked. Peter and the rest of the family go to his brother Rob's apartment in the city while Kate manages to get a flight back to the United States, only to get as far as Scranton, Pennsylvania. ", "Kate discovers mid-flight that Kevin is missing and, upon arrival in Paris, the family discovers that all flights for the next two days are booked. Peter and the rest of the family go to his brother Rob's apartment in the city while Kate manages to get a flight back to the United States, only to get as far as Scranton, Pennsylvania. ", "Kate discovers mid-flight that Kevin is missing and, upon arrival in Paris, the family discovers that all flights for the next two days are booked. Peter and the rest of the family go to his brother Rob's apartment in the city while Kate manages to get a flight back to the United States, only to get as far as Scranton, Pennsylvania. ", "Kate discovers mid-flight that Kevin is missing and, upon arrival in Paris, the family discovers that all flights for the next two days are booked. Peter and the rest of the family go to his brother Rob's apartment in the city while Kate manages to get a flight back to the United States, only to get as far as Scranton, Pennsylvania. ", "Buzz suddenly calls out, 'Kevin, what did you do to my room?!' at which point Kevin runs off. He then hears Kate enter the house and call for him; they reconcile and are soon joined by the rest of the McCallisters, who waited in Paris until they could get a direct flight to Chicago. ", "Buzz suddenly calls out, 'Kevin, what did you do to my room?!' at which point Kevin runs off. Kevin then observes Marley reuniting with his son and his family. ", "Kevin returns home and rigs the house with numerous booby traps. Harry and Marv break in, spring the traps, and suffer various injuries. ", "Harry and Marv manage to catch him and discuss how they will get their revenge, but Marley sneaks in and knocks them unconscious with his snow shovel before they can do anything to Kevin. Buzz suddenly calls out, 'Kevin, what did you do to my room?!' at which point Kevin runs off. ", "Kevin returns home and rigs the house with numerous booby traps. While the duo pursues Kevin around the house, he calls the police and flees the house, luring the duo into a neighboring vacant home. ", "Kevin returns home and rigs the house with numerous booby traps. While the duo pursues Kevin around the house, he calls the police and flees the house, luring the duo into a neighboring vacant home. ", "While the duo pursues Kevin around the house, he calls the police and flees the house, luring the duo into a neighboring vacant home. Kevin returns home and rigs the house with numerous booby traps. ", "While the duo pursues Kevin around the house, he calls the police and flees the house, luring the duo into a neighboring vacant home. Kevin returns home and rigs the house with numerous booby traps. ", "Kevin returns home and rigs the house with numerous booby traps. Harry and Marv break in, spring the traps, and suffer various injuries. ", "While the duo pursues Kevin around the house, he calls the police and flees the house, luring the duo into a neighboring vacant home. Kevin returns home and rigs the house with numerous booby traps. ", "Kevin returns home and rigs the house with numerous booby traps. Harry and Marv break in, spring the traps, and suffer various injuries. "], "kbt": ["turn RelatedTo around", "turn RelatedTo left", "old RelatedTo age", "old DistinctFrom young", "house RelatedTo family", "house RelatedTo floor", "house AtLocation brother", "house AtLocation family", "house RelatedTo home", "house AtLocation floor", "brother AtLocation family", "brother AtLocation home", "brother AtLocation house", "brother RelatedTo family", "bad DistinctFrom good", "behind RelatedTo back", "child RelatedTo kid", "child RelatedTo young", "back RelatedTo behind", "mother RelatedTo mom", "mother RelatedTo family", "age RelatedTo young", "age RelatedTo old", "good DistinctFrom bad", "kid RelatedTo child", "arrive RelatedTo come", "home RelatedTo family", "home AtLocation brother", "home RelatedTo house", "young DistinctFrom old", "young RelatedTo age", "young RelatedTo child", "left RelatedTo turn", "family RelatedTo mother", "family RelatedTo mom", "family AtLocation house", "family AtLocation brother", "family RelatedTo house", "family RelatedTo home", "family RelatedTo brother", "mom RelatedTo family", "mom RelatedTo mother", "come RelatedTo arrive", "floor AtLocation house", "floor RelatedTo house", "around RelatedTo turn"]}
{"conv_id": 3, "wiki_id": 7, "turns": 10, "text": ["Do you like superhero movies>", "Love them. Do you like dc or marvel more?", "Marvel is my jam! But the avengers are pretty cool. :)", "Are you excited about infinity wars?", "Absolutely! If it's anything like the first one, it'll be great. Plus I don't think Joss Whedon can do any wrong lol.", "Me either. He did such a good job with avengers. If he had failed their is no way they would be releasing infinity wars in may ", "Yep. The only thing I really didn't think would work is having Robert JR be part of a team. He seems to be more of a lone wolf type.", "He is the leader of the pack. I really dont think the averages would be as popular as it is if he wasn't the leader of the team ", "This is true too", "Who is your favorite member from the first avengers?", "Thor lol. I've always liked the character in the comics so i was really excited to see it played out in a movie. WBU?", "Love thor even more now after his third movie. My favorite is captain america. Hes the most interesting character to me  Which member do you dislike?", "Black widow. Her character just didn't pop for some reason", "Same here. I feel as they could've done without her. Do you think she should have her own movie?", "Maybe. It would help build her character up and she wouldn't seem as flat ", "marvel movies dont flop but i feel as if her would flop.  How do you feel about loki?", "I like his character. Thats what i named my dog lol", "I love that lol. I wish they would make a movie about him Is it weird to you that the avengers has such a high critic rating? most critics dont like super hero movies", "I was just looking at that. I thought that was weird too lol. It's got some pretty big actors in it though so maybe they're fans lol.", "How do you feel about hawkeye? hello? still there?"], "kb": [" director Joss Whedon genre Drama, Superhero introduction Marvel's The Avengers is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.1 It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.  Like a superior, state-of-the-art model built from reconstituted parts, Joss Whedon's buoyant, witty and robustly entertaining superhero smash-up is escapism of a sophisticated order, boasting a tonal assurance and rich reserves of humor that offset the potentially lumbering and unavoidably formulaic aspects of this 143-minute team-origin story. ", " director Joss Whedon genre Drama, Superhero introduction Marvel's The Avengers is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.1 It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.  Like a superior, state-of-the-art model built from reconstituted parts, Joss Whedon's buoyant, witty and robustly entertaining superhero smash-up is escapism of a sophisticated order, boasting a tonal assurance and rich reserves of humor that offset the potentially lumbering and unavoidably formulaic aspects of this 143-minute team-origin story. ", " director Joss Whedon genre Drama, Superhero introduction Marvel's The Avengers is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.1 It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. movieName The Avengers rating Rotten Tomatoes: 92% and average: 8/10 Metacritic Score: 69/100 CinemaScore: A+ year 2012. ", "cast Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man Chris Evans as Steve Rogers / Captain America Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner / Hulk Chris Hemsworth as Thor, the crown prince of Asgard. ", " Like a superior, state-of-the-art model built from reconstituted parts, Joss Whedon's buoyant, witty and robustly entertaining superhero smash-up is escapism of a sophisticated order, boasting a tonal assurance and rich reserves of humor that offset the potentially lumbering and unavoidably formulaic aspects of this 143-minute team-origin story.  director Joss Whedon genre Drama, Superhero introduction Marvel's The Avengers is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.1 It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. ", "movieName The Avengers rating Rotten Tomatoes: 92% and average: 8/10 Metacritic Score: 69/100 CinemaScore: A+ year 2012.  director Joss Whedon genre Drama, Superhero introduction Marvel's The Avengers is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.1 It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. ", "cast Robert Downey Jr.  Like a superior, state-of-the-art model built from reconstituted parts, Joss Whedon's buoyant, witty and robustly entertaining superhero smash-up is escapism of a sophisticated order, boasting a tonal assurance and rich reserves of humor that offset the potentially lumbering and unavoidably formulaic aspects of this 143-minute team-origin story. ", "movieName The Avengers rating Rotten Tomatoes: 92% and average: 8/10 Metacritic Score: 69/100 CinemaScore: A+ year 2012.  Ruffalo is the revelation, turning Banner into a wry reservoir of calm ready to become a volcano His Iron Man is certainly a team player, but Mr. ", "cast Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man Chris Evans as Steve Rogers / Captain America Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner / Hulk Chris Hemsworth as Thor, the crown prince of Asgard. ", "The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race known as the Chitauri. In exchange for retrieving the Tesseract, a powerful energy source of unknown potential, the Other promises Loki an army with which he can subjugate Earth. ", "The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race known as the Chitauri. In exchange for retrieving the Tesseract, a powerful energy source of unknown potential, the Other promises Loki an army with which he can subjugate Earth. ", "The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race known as the Chitauri. In exchange for retrieving the Tesseract, a powerful energy source of unknown potential, the Other promises Loki an army with which he can subjugate Earth. ", "The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race known as the Chitauri. In exchange for retrieving the Tesseract, a powerful energy source of unknown potential, the Other promises Loki an army with which he can subjugate Earth. ", "The Asgardian Loki encounters the Other, the leader of an extraterrestrial race known as the Chitauri. In exchange for retrieving the Tesseract, a powerful energy source of unknown potential, the Other promises Loki an army with which he can subjugate Earth. ", "The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation that S.H.I.E.L.D. plans to harness the Tesseract to develop weapons as a deterrent against hostile extraterrestrials. ", "The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation that S.H.I.E.L.D. plans to harness the Tesseract to develop weapons as a deterrent against hostile extraterrestrials. ", "The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation that S.H.I.E.L.D. plans to harness the Tesseract to develop weapons as a deterrent against hostile extraterrestrials. ", "The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation that S.H.I.E.L.D. plans to harness the Tesseract to develop weapons as a deterrent against hostile extraterrestrials. ", "Fury uses Coulson's death to motivate the Avengers into working as a team. Romanoff fights Barton, and knocks him unconscious, breaking Loki's mind control. ", "The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation that S.H.I.E.L.D. plans to harness the Tesseract to develop weapons as a deterrent against hostile extraterrestrials. "], "kbt": ["first RelatedTo one", "leader RelatedTo captain", "great RelatedTo good", "build RelatedTo make", "job RelatedTo work", "captain RelatedTo leader", "love RelatedTo like", "one RelatedTo first", "good RelatedTo great", "like RelatedTo love", "wolf RelatedTo dog", "dog RelatedTo wolf", "work RelatedTo job", "make RelatedTo build"]}
{"conv_id": 4, "wiki_id": 9, "turns": 3, "text": ["Hi:  \nThe movie dunkirk has a very unique back story.", "Hi there! I agree. I haven't seen it, but it looks like it has great reviews and ratings.", "Yes, the director really surrounded his audience with chaos and horror.  The 65MM film gave it a real feel.", "I'm very surprised that Harry Styles was cast in such a high-profile role given his background as a singer. Since Nolan didn't know about this, I'm happy his opinion wasn't swayed. ", "Yes, and similarly the lead actor was hired after a secretive auditioning process.  How wonderful it would be to finish months of casting auditions, and win the lead role.", "Very true! Without much dialogue, it really goes to show that the acting was brilliant. It really took the film to the level of art."], "kb": ["Dunkirk portrays the evacuation from three perspectives: land, sea, and air. director Christopher Nolan genre War introduction Dunkirk is a 2017 war film written, directed, and co-produced by Christopher Nolan that depicts World War II's Dunkirk evacuation. ", "movieName Dunkirk rating Rotten Tomatoes: 92% and average: 8.6/10 Metacritic Score: 94/100 CinemaScore: A- year 2017. cast Fionn Whitehead as Tommy, a British Army private Whitehead was cast in the lead after a secretive auditioning process lasting several months. ", "critical_response surrounds his audience with chaos and horror from the outset, and amazing images and dazzlingly accomplished set pieces on a huge 70mm screen, particularly the pontoon crammed with soldiers extending into the churning sea, exposed to enemy aircraft an impressionist masterpiece' that was 'deeply moving' but without 'manufactured sentimentality or false heroics. director Christopher Nolan genre War introduction Dunkirk is a 2017 war film written, directed, and co-produced by Christopher Nolan that depicts World War II's Dunkirk evacuation. ", "Tom Glynn-Carney as Peter, Mr Dawson's son Jack Lowden as Collins, a Royal Air Force Spitfire pilot Harry Styles as Alex, a private in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders Styles won the role after auditioning against hundreds of candidates, when Nolan was unaware of his renown as a singer. It has little dialogue, since Nolan sought to create suspense from cinematography and music. ", "cast Fionn Whitehead as Tommy, a British Army private Whitehead was cast in the lead after a secretive auditioning process lasting several months. Tom Glynn-Carney as Peter, Mr Dawson's son Jack Lowden as Collins, a Royal Air Force Spitfire pilot Harry Styles as Alex, a private in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders Styles won the role after auditioning against hundreds of candidates, when Nolan was unaware of his renown as a singer. ", "There's little doubt that [Nolan] has, without sentimentality or sanctimony, raised that genre to the level of art...with the resonant force of an enduring screen classic. It has little dialogue, since Nolan sought to create suspense from cinematography and music. "], "kbt": ["audience AtLocation show", "audience UsedFor show", "actor AtLocation show", "actor AtLocation movie", "show AtLocation actor", "show UsedFor audience", "show AtLocation audience", "movie AtLocation actor", "movie IsA film", "movie RelatedTo film", "film IsA movie", "film RelatedTo movie"]}
